# 2021-01-27

|Time (UTC)|Icon|Name|Message|
|---|---|---|---|
|10:09|![](https://avatars.slack-edge.com/2019-05-15/624511073651_25909952cd7a069ceed2_72.png)|akabeko|<!channel><br>2021/2/6 (土) 開催予定の開発者会議で検討したい事項がありましたら、以下の  issue へ議題コメントをお願いします。<br><br>February 2021 · Issue #84 · vivliostyle/community<br><https://github.com/vivliostyle/community/issues/84><br><blockquote>• Meeting Log<br><br>*Agenda*<br><br>• Description<br>• Description<br><br>*Members*<br><br>• <https://github.com/MurakamiShinyu|@MurakamiShinyu><br>• <https://github.com/ogwata|@ogwata><br>• <https://github.com/spring-raining|@spring-raining><br>• <https://github.com/yamasy1549|@yamasy1549><br>• <https://github.com/takanakahiko|@takanakahiko><br>• <https://github.com/AyumuTakai|@AyumuTakai><br>• <https://github.com/akabekobeko|@akabekobeko> (Scribe)</blockquote>|
|10:09|![](https://avatars.slack-edge.com/2019-08-21/732685848020_f3f20736795184660348_72.png)|Kiara Translation|🇬🇧: &lt;! channel&gt;<br>2021/2/6 (Sat) If you have any matters to consider at the developer conference scheduled to be held, please comment on the agenda in the following issue.<br><br>February 2021 · Issue # 84 · vivliostyle / community<br><https://github.com/vivliostyle/community/issues/84>|
